README.md, before:

# Override in Space

This browser-game was made with the p5.js library for Javascript and was submitted as a project during the Ironhack Bootcamp for Web Development.

# Project details

A fully playable game should be developed from scratch in 4 days with p5.js.\
Day 1: Idea generation and planning of game mechanics\
Day 2: Development of core features\
Day 3: Assembling the prototype and adjustment of code interplay\
Day 4: Styling and cleaning of code

The game implements a guitar-hero-like feature for players with fast reflexes in a classical Space Shooter.

![Screenshot of game in action](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/phpaul89/override-in-space/master/img/preview_1.png)

# Story

"The player is on board the USS Threepwood, a rusty bucket of a space ship. It is fully functional ... well, some reeeally minor hickups aside. Like ... the warp drive stutters from time to time coming from some defective code, which you have to manually override while listening to some guitar solos if you don't want this thing to explode. This might be bad, because ... you know: you - are - in - space!

Oh, and when the warp drive needs to cool down, it seems that you have quite a knack for navigating into the next dangerous asteroid belt around. Better keep shooting!"

# Instructions

...

# Sources

p5.js: http://p5js.org
images:

- asteroids: http://pixelartmaker.com/art/85a14111045a0dc & https://wenrexa.itch.io/asteroidsn1
- background: https://dinvstudio.itch.io/dynamic-space-background-lite-free
- space ship: https://www.mattkeeter.com/projects/pixelsim/

Commit message:

Added screens: loading, game over

README.md, after:

# Override in Space

This browser-game was made with the p5.js library for Javascript and was submitted as a project during the Ironhack Bootcamp for Web Development.

# Project details

A fully playable game should be developed from scratch in 4 days with p5.js.\
Day 1: Idea generation and planning of game mechanics\
Day 2: Development of core features\
Day 3: Assembling the prototype and adjustment of code interplay\
Day 4: Styling and cleaning of code

The game implements a guitar-hero-like feature for players with fast reflexes in a classical Space Shooter.

![Screenshot of game in action](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/phpaul89/override-in-space/master/img/preview_1.png)

# Story

"The player is on board the USS Threepwood, a rusty bucket of a space ship. It is fully functional ... well, some reeeally minor hickups aside. Like ... the warp drive stutters from time to time coming from some defective code, which you have to manually override while listening to some guitar solos if you don't want this thing to explode.\
This might be bad, because ... you know: you - are - in - space!

Oh, and when the warp drive needs to cool down, it seems that you have quite a knack for navigating into the next dangerous asteroid belt around. Better keep shooting!"

# Instructions

...

# Sources

p5.js: http://p5js.org
images:

- asteroids: http://pixelartmaker.com/art/85a14111045a0dc & https://wenrexa.itch.io/asteroidsn1
- background: https://dinvstudio.itch.io/dynamic-space-background-lite-free
- space ship: https://www.mattkeeter.com/projects/pixelsim/
- loading screen: https://wallhaven.cc/w/nkoqkm (pixelized via onlinepngtools.com/pixelate-png)
- game over screen: https://wallhaven.cc/w/j8eyw5
- terminal: https://noirlac.tumblr.com/post/77577620553
